Y
guasave the moment is worth here I bring you
this video in which I will explain
a little forgive if there is something a bit
cut is that I'm giving the button l os
I will explain how to pass the pokemon
in just three minutes
I explain you need a room or the
original game if you think of pokemon
green the first pokemon there was yes and
it has to be the Japanese version I think
that there may be an English version
I do not know but it has to be the version
Japanese since we 're going to take advantage
a cliché a bus that has the game
and well now you are going to see for it you
we have completed as normal we have
to go back fierros grove there you are
son green
well that's blah blah blah
well he takes us to his laboratory to do
Pedophile things or whatever he does
there and there we go up there is he
the rival lord
and good that we have to choose the
Pokemon
I'm going to break a spear in favor of
South vulva because no one take again
blue I do not know why when the game is
much easier with him and also as
is a toad with one hand whatever in the
back the sic leaves at dawn very
good blah blah blah blah come internet
look and small the opponent that I'm going to
win with a vulva schürrer
Well, fight
is about to see one of the fights of
most spectacular gameplay of this life
scratched tackling tackles scratching
He said
not so
It is important if you have set the
host principle the position of the pce
it is very essential to do it worth and
You can not use it here even if we're
point of losing you are going to win equal
in rooster
and well, nothing happens, it does not happen, it does not happen
nothing
we have to go get the object
now it has a green city
at the stops
I feel that this is so slow
I preferred to leave it at a normal speed
so you can see what I'm going to what
will happen now in a moment
We enter to look for the store and enter
It's worth here it tells us so I had told myself
what would you come
to see now you are going to see you have to enter the
menu items is given must be done
very fast you have to give it to select when
you select that object and leave at the same time
you give to be ex menu salts already
you will see what can be done with that
we come back and on this lawn we have to look
a fight there is
well the peak appears and a puncture
computing
we are going to pokemon and we change very
fast and we went out he explained what he has
past
what I have done has been that if you
you keep a pokemon change when saving
the change of that object you can change
your pokemon through a slot where you do not
there's nothing that causes them superior game if
you see the teacher although he was there and at
enter this house
ah
do not
teacher the teleportation and now that not
I know what will happen now
do not
We came through here come what the fuck
is putting there that will be putting
there that you think you will be putting now
you are going to see it in 321
and I'm already a league champion
pokemon three minutes
work the description is to leave a little
the description of what I just did
because it 's a bit quick to do not do it
can do slowly and if I do
could slowly slow down but not
I can comment on the case for that as
as I told you to make the change
of object but not doing it you keep a
change is a click that is only the
first version of the game that then what
then fixed in the invented combat
that change that you have saved allows you
change your first pokemon with your second
but there is not a second pokemon then
what it causes is a failure the game that
believes that many things are failures that there are
things that do not exist and then you can
go through sites until you reach
final as you have seen the room of the
fame of the league pokemon
and good guys I hope that I have
liked the video
to like you if it has surprised you or if you
He liked it and hey if you want me to
show a little more trick
pokemon a friend calls me more would you like
I have been teaching some I can go
hanging some more once in a while
for my part nothing else I leave you with the
I leave a bit with the end of the game with
the little song and I am soleá short and
I close goodbye
here